1.Create a React project.

2.Install Axios package component.

3.Using useState, useEffect hooks and axios we manage to fetch the coins data with promisses and retrieve the data of the backend database API.

4. On App.js we will create a useEffect function and in that function we will use axios which will get the coin data of the API database using promise function argument.
Then we will create a classname class components for each div using JSX and then return the classnames to the useEffect hooks axios function. 

5. Then we will create a new file called Coin.js inside the file we will create an arrow function automaticly by typing rface on Visual Studio.
In the function we will return all classnames class components and then detructure them in the callback arrow function.

6. Going back to App.js we will create a function that in that function we will use hooks useEffect. 
The function will get the value and will match data.
Then we will create a handlechange function that will retrieve the value and will create an event when we will type in the input.
In App.js we will create a function that helps us to filter the coins and displays whatever we typed in the input search bar 
And also will make the input match the lowercase letters. 
Then we will filter map the Coins using function that returns the key, name, price, image, symbol, market-cap.

7.In Coin.js set a price change using JSX to be green if the price gets above 0 and red when the price gets below 0, 
To do so we will need to use the coin-percent classname class component that will be effected by the Coin.css file. 
Then we will set the price to be displayed in 2 decimals.
Now we can add the price change taken out of the API backend database and add it into the App.js. 
Returning the price in the App.js and destructure it in the Coin.js file.

8. Add a total_volume of the API backend database into the Coin.js file and into the App.js file using JSX, 
Then destructure the total_volume in the Coin.js file.

9. Add Css adjustments to the project frontend by creating a new Coin.css file and importing the Css file into the App.js file.
Create a Css style adjustments to each divs classes.

10. Create an App.css file and import a font out of the google fonts web site.
 In App.css file apply all parameters, placements, figures of the styles adjustments to all the App.js classes. 


 

